[instrumental music]
Aah!
Before you make your decision,
this is your Pokédex, here.
Wow, professor,
thanks very much.
It's on.
If you point your Pokédex
towards a Pokémon
it'll search for it
automatically.
‐ Why not give it a try?
‐ Okay.
Hmm.
POKEDEX
Fennekin. The Fox Pokémon.
'Fennekin expels hot air
that can reach'
'nearly 400 degrees.'
'It likes to snack on twigs.'
Amazing!
And you're next.
POKEDEX
Chespin, the Spiny Nut Pokémon.
'Chespin can flex
the soft spikes on its head'
'making them so stiff and sharp'
'they can even pierce
through stone.'
I get it.
And finally..
POKEDEX
Froakie,
the Bubble Frog Pokémon.
'From its chest and back'
'Froakie creates bubbles
called frubbles'
'which act as a cushion
and soften the blow'
'of an opponent's attack.'
Wow! This'll come in handy!
‐ Like it?
‐ Yes.
Well then, go ahead
and pick your partner.
Oh, they're all so cute
but I already made up
my mind.
You see, I knew who I wanted
before I left the house.
Hmm.
Fennekin, I pick you!
I'm Serena!
[HAPPY]
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah
you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH "A Shockingly
Cheeky Friendship!"
[birds chirping]
NARRATOR Clemont and
Bonnie have joined Ash
as he begins his journey to
compete in the Kalos League.
Now, our heroes
are happily on their way
to the Santalune
City Gym.
[HAPPY]/[STRUGGLING]
There, all done.
You're nice and clean.
[EXERTION]/[PLEASED]
That's awesome.
Thank you.
Oh, you don't have
to thank me.
I love doing this kind of stuff
'cause I love Pokémon.
[HAPPY]
Huh?
Hey, Ash,
does Pikachu like
having its tail
petted like that?
Yeah, a whole lot.
[laughing]
[PLEASED]
What a cutie pie!
Then that's just what
I'm gonna do.
[HAPPY]
Looks like fun.
Let me try.
[HAPPY]
Hey, Ash
can you let Fletchling out?
I want to take care of it.
Okay.
Fletchling, come on out!
[APPEARING]/[HAPPY]
Hey, Fletchling, do you mind
if I clean your wings?
[HAPPY]
You're good at that too.
Fletchling loves
having its wings cleaned.
[giggling]
Taking care of Pokémon
makes you really happy,
doesn't it?
Yup!
[EXERTION]
BONNIE 'Here.'
PIKACHU [THANKFUL]
[THANKFUL]
Well?
Is that yummy Pokémon food?
[HAPPY]
[EXERTION]
ALL
Huh?
[EATING]
Could that be
the very same Dedenne?
Yeah.
The one who ran away.
It must've been following us
this whole time!
PIKACHU
[AGREEMENT]
Come on, Clemont,
catch it, please?
Alright.
[EXERTION]
Come back!
Fletchling, follow it!
[AGREEMENT]
BONNIE
Dedenne, wait!
[EXERTION]
Did you lose it,
Fletchling?
FLETCHLING [AGREEMENT]
Dedenne!
Where are you?
Come out, come out,
wherever you are!
Huh?!
[screams]
ASH/CLEMONT
Bonnie!
[groans]
Huh?
[CONCERNED]
There you are!
Hey, wait!
Bunnelby, get Dedenne
out of the hole!
[APPEARING]
You too, Pikachu!
[EXCITED]
Over there, come on!
[STRUGGLING]
[SURPRISED]
ASH/CLEMONT/BONNIE
Huh?
Over here?
PIKACHU [EXERTION]
CLEMONT
No! Over there! Aha!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[LAUGHING]
Whoa, that Dedenne
sure is quick.
I want it now!
[EXERTION]
[SURPRISED]
[DISAGREEMENT]
[ANGRY]
[SCARED]
[STRUGGLING]
[PAINED]
[DAZED]
[CURIOUS]
[EXERTION]
[CALLING]
[CURIOUS]
‐ 'There's Pikachu.'
‐ True.
‐ With a bonus Pokémon too.
‐ Yeah? What is it?
Ooh, it's a Dedenne.
An Electric type.
Never seen one before.
They're having
a back‐and‐forth buzz fest!
JAMES 'Since they're
both Electric types'
'I'd guess they're in
the process of communicating.'
JESSIE
'Meowth, translation!'
MEOWTH 'No can do. I
don't speak Electricity!'
What luck. The Twerp's
nowhere to be seen!
Perfect.
His loss is our gain.
Huh? Hmm.
I think they're gone.
Maybe it got away.
[CURIOUS]
Maybe.
Pikachu hasn't come back either.
Huh? Bunnelby, would you mind
going back down there
and looking for Pikachu?
[AGREEMENT]
Pikachu.
[WORRIED]
[stomach grumbling]
[CONCERNED]
[SAD]
[WORRIED]
[SURPRISED]
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[HAPPY]
[SURPRISED]
[GRATEFUL]
[EATING]
[SURPRISED]
[PAINED]
[ANGRY]
Prepare for trouble,
my prize Pikachu!
And make it double,
with Dedenne too!
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation.
To denounce the evils
of truth and love.
To extend our reach
to the stars above!
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light.
Surrender now or prepare
for a fight!
Meowth, that's right!
[AGREEMENT]
Now, Pikachu, be a polite
Pokémon and let us catch you.
Dedenne, please, you too.
[WORRIED]
[EXERTION]
[indistinct yelling]
MEOWTH
Take that! And that!
And this!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
Wobbuffet, go!
[MIRROR COAT MOVE]
[EXERTION]
[PAINED]
JESSIE
Don't you ever get tired?
Take a break!
‐ For our sake!
‐ Chill!
[EXERTION]
How did it go, Bunnelby?
[SAD]
I guess you didn't find
Pikachu, did you?
I'm afraid Pikachu might have
gotten lost wandering
through all those tunnels.
Clemont, we've just
gotta find Pikachu.
Fletchling, look for Pikachu
from the air.
[DETERMINED]
[EXERTION]
‐ Give it up!
‐ Hey! Stop!
[PAINED]
[WORRIED]
[CRYING]
[STRUGGLING]
Gotcha! Almost! Once more!
[RELIEVED]
[HAPPY]
[EXCITED]
Oh, no.
If this keeps up,
they'll get away.
We can't let that happen.
Okay, Inkay. Hey, hey!
[APPEARING]/[CONFIDENT]
Now, Tackle!
[TACKLE MOVE]
[PAINED]
[WORRIED]
Alright, Inkay, Psybeam!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[WORRIED]
[rumbling]
[SCARED]
‐ I give. Where's Pikachu?
‐ Huh?
MEOWTH
'Downstream!'
[WORRIED]
They're getting away!
But I've got just the thing.
'Our rubber Rocket raft!'
‐ That's some lifesaver.
‐ Like me.
[EXCITED]
Keep your powder dry,
Pikachu!
You'll be ours in no time!
I can hardly breathe.
So it's a little bit small.
Deal with it.
Concentrate on finding Pikachu!
Huh? Look! Pikachu alert.
[AGREEMENT]
Wait! Stop this bathtub!
We floated right past!
‐ Strong current, eh, captain?
‐ Aye aye, matey.
[PANICKING]
[all screaming]
[STRUGGLING]
[SURPRISED]
[WORRIED]
[HAPPY]
[EXCITED]
Pikachu!
PIKACHU
[EXCITED]
I was so worried
about you, buddy.
[URGENT]
‐ Huh?
BONNIE
'Dedenne!'
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Dedenne!
BONNIE
'Dedenne! Dedenne!'
Now what are we gonna to do?
I'm scared.
What about the Pokémon Center?
I think we should treat
Dedenne right here.
Let's give it some electricity.
‐ Electricity?
‐ How do we do that?
[chuckles]
Just leave it to me.
Remember, the future
is now, thanks to science.
Clemontic Gear on.
I've got the perfect machine
for a situation like this.
Presenting
my electricity generator.
‐ Huh?
‐ Another boring name.
Now, observe.
If you put a plastic
clipboard under your arm
and rub it like this..
Huh? Aah!
[laughs]
The resulting friction
causes the buildup
of electrons and creates
static electricity, see?
'This brilliant machine
uses that exact same principle'
'which allows it to create
a massive electrical charge.'
And power, on!
[electricity crackling]
[AMAZED]
‐ Do you see the electricity?
‐ That's awesome.
Science is so amazing!
‐ You sure this is gonna
work?
‐ Sure I'm sure. Just
watch.
[machine whirring]
[crackling]
[HAPPY]
Great! I think you can
turn it off now.
One problem.
I can't.
[both screaming]
BONNIE
'Dedenne, get away, quick!'
‐ You've gotta stop that thing!
‐ I wish I knew how.
[yelling]
[explosion]
[all groaning]
Oopsie! I guess it's back
to the drawing board.
Yeah. Look at my hair.
ASH/BONNIE/CLEMONT
'Huh?'
[EXERTION]/[PLEASED]
Hmm. Alright. Dedenne's sure
feeling a lot better.
[HAPPY]
That's what counts.
All's well that ends well.
Dedenne, I'm glad
you're feeling all better now.
[HAPPY]
Huh?
'I think it's saying
thanks for the electricity.'
[chuckles]
Come on.
You don't have to thank me.
Huh? Clemont, Clemont!
Catch it, catch it!
Hey, that's right. I totally
forgot about doing that.
JESSIE
'Hold it right there!'
‐ Huh?
‐ What?
Now prepare for trouble,
the it means you.
Yoo‐hoo.
Meanwhile,
we'll just take Pikachu.
Giving it to the Boss
is the least we can do.
By the way,
if you're thinking of running
you've got another thing coming.
Wait a minute.
This whole thing
was your fault the whole time.
Why are you guys always
being so mean to Pokémon?
Noisy, aren't you?
Inkay, come on!
[APPEARING]/[DETERMINED]
[Ash grunts]
[ANGRY]
Dedenne, you wanna battle,
don't you?
So you can get back at them
for what they did.
[AGREEMENT]
Great! Dedenne, Tackle!
[TACKLE MOVE]
Inkay! Use Foul Play!
[FOUL PLAY MOVE]
Now, Inkay, Psybeam, go!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
Look out!
[DODGING]/[EXERTION]
Dedenne,
Tackle one more time!
[TACKLE MOVE]
[PAINED]
You're doing great.
Alright, now use Nuzzle.
[NUZZLE MOVE]
[PAINED]
Wow! That move's so cute!
I like Dedenne even more!
And better yet, Nuzzle paralyzes
the other Pokémon.
‐ No way!
‐ Yeah, Dedenne, way to go!
[PAINED]
JAMES
Inkay!
[EXERTION]
[AGREEMENT]
Okay, Pikachu,
you use Thunderbolt.
And, Dedenne,
you use Thunder Shock.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[THUNDER SHOCK MOVE]
[PANICKED]
[PAINED]
[all screaming]
TEAM ROCKET
We're blasting off again!
INKAY
[PAINED]
Pikachu, Dedenne, awesome!
‐ Dedenne, you're the best!
‐ Thank you both!
[EXCITED]
[laughing]
[EXERTION]
Dedenne really wants
to come with us?
Yeah? Really?
Yippee!
We'll have so much fun!
You'll see!
[EXCITED]
Pretty please?
Hmm. Yeah.
Now, it's time.
Go Poké Ball!
[HAPPY]
[beeping]
I did it!
Yes! Alright!
I caught Dedenne and I'll be
keeping it for Bonnie!
This is so cool.
Thank you!
Hey, can you let Dedenne
come out?
‐ I wanna take care of it.
‐ Sure.
I'll do it right now.
[APPEARING]/[HAPPY]
Dedenne! Yay! Ha ha ha!
Hi, there.
I'm Bonnie.
And see?
That's my brother, Clemont.
[GREETING]
‐ 'That's Pikachu and Ash.'
‐ Nice to meet you.
[HAPPY]
Here. Let me get you cleaned up.
You got yourself all dirty
from the battle.
[PLEASED]
Hey, look! Dedenne likes it
when I pet its tail too.
Wow!
I never would have guessed.
[EXCITED]
You both like the same thing.
[PLEASED]
You two are just like twins.
[HAPPY]
Well, they're both
Electric types, remember.
You're gonna have fun with
Dedenne, aren't you, Bonnie?
Yeah!
Dedenne is so cute!
[HAPPY]
Nuzzle, nuzzle, nuzzle.
[NUZZLE MOVE]
Nuzzle's one of Dedenne's moves.
I guess you forgot.
Yup. And now I can feel
what it's like to be paralyzed.
[YAWNING]
Huh? It fell asleep.
Of course. You see, Dedenne
tend to fall asleep a lot.
That's just
one of the things they do
to conserve their energy.
‐ Awesome, an energy saver.
‐ Aah!
Okay, you can take a nap
in here.
Aah!
So, let's get going.
‐ Right, let's hit the road.
‐ Yeah!
ASH/CLEMONT
Shh!
Shh! He he!
[all giggling]
NARRATOR And so after
escaping Team Rocket's evil
clutches
Pikachu and
Dedenne are safe
and Dedenne's
back to perfect health.
Following Clemont's
successful catch
our heroes now have
a new friend in Dedenne
as the Kalos region journey
continues.
[SLEEPING]
Oh! This is terrible.
The sun's setting
and we're still
in the middle of the woods.
[WORRIED]
Wait, does this mean
we're sleeping
out in the open tonight?
Hmm?
[EXERTION]
Uh, roughing it's not my style.
If we could
find a Pokémon Center
there's no doubt
we'd be able to stay there.
'But I don't know
where it is.'
Ah! I see somebody.
Excuse me!
Can you please tell us
if there's a Pokémon Center
close by?
[screams]
[SCARED]
[CONFUSED RAY MOVE]
[EXERTION]
[explosion]
[PAINED]
Huh.
Ah! Thanks, Fennekin.
You saved me.
[HAPPY]
Is everything okay?
I just heard somebody screaming.
Aah! Nurse Joy!
I just got a little startled
by a Pokémon.
Oh, I understand. But are
the two of you alright?
Yup. Hey, could you tell me
if there's a Pokémon Center
around here, please?
Yes, it's located
just up ahead.
Thank goodness.
Fennekin, we're going to stay
at a Pokémon Center tonight!
I know!
Let's have a race
to see who gets there first!
FENNEKIN
[EXCITED]
[theme music]